# Watch_Out_For_Walls_Snake
Have you ever played the Google Snake Game before? Well if you have, you'll realize that this game is very similar. This is my very first 2d game I ever coded that like Google's previous successor, has you play as a snake that eats fruits as they randomly spawn and survive as long as possible!
The following information is for the in-depth explanation of the game.
First, "turtle," "time," and "random" are imported. The "game_started" variable is set to "False." Next, the following variables that are "win," "win.title," "win.bgcolor," "win.setup," and "win.tracer" to build the basis for the window. In addition, there's other variables that are used for the snake's head, the food, the snake's body, the score, the scoreboard, and more!
Then, various functions such as "game_over," "go_up," "move," and "start_game_loop" handle the snake's movement using the keyboard's arrow keys while the "start_game_loop" handles all of the logic that comes with the game using a "while" loop, a "for" loop, and conditional statements for clean gameplay such as collision with the food, wall colisions, body segments, and more.
Following this, the "restart_game" function handles reseting the game after the player triggers that condition. Finally, the corresponding functions are called to handle the main flow of the game with the beginner "GUI" module "turtle."
To summarize, this project taught me the very fundamentals to what programming can become once you realize that the very same basics are the building blocks to success. I learned how to use "turtle," a very rudimentary GUI interface but a very useful one that can be extremely practical if you want to dive into all things 2d. Overall, it's a very well done project that I hope you'll enjoy!
